---
permalink: /puzzle01
number: "01"
title: in the playground we play! or do we?
layout: question
---

After a long drive with mum, you’ve found yourself in an all too familiar place, the baby play room at mums work (the security company “bits and blocks”). Despite it being "bring your kid to work day", you seem to always be stuck in the same boring room as always and never get to actually see the actual bits and blocks that mum is always talking about.

To pass the time, you see a circle of babies playing a game and ask some of the babies to shift over so that you can join in! They seem to be cycling round the circle and introducting themselves, but something seems a bit off, see if you can figure out how to introduce yourself when it's your go!

"Hi my name is Wrppb, age 3!"

"Hi my name is Qnkxgt, age 2!"

"Hi my name is Neri, age 4!"

quick! it's your go now!

##### Hint: your name is Coco, and you are 3 years old!

----------
##### solution:
<details>

### walkthrough

It seems that the babies are putting their name into code when introducing themselves, so it would be good to do the same! There is a hint in the question where the babies are *cycling* around the circle, and some of the babies *shifting* across, where a caesar cypher shifts or cycle the letters in the alphabet.

Using a caesar cypher solver such as [this one](https://www.dcode.fr/caesar-cipher){:target="_blank"}, its pretty easy to figure out that the names are Tommy, Oliver and Jane respectively. But how much do you need to shift your name to correctly solve the puzzle

The next part of the puzzle is to look at how much each baby has shifted their name (which can be easily done through counting), where each baby has shifted their name by their age

So to introduce yourself, you would need to shift you name "Coco", by 3. 

### flag

answer: "Hi my name is Frfr, age 3!"

</details>

----------
##### after solving:
<details>

"Hey, you're not to shabby" you hear from behind you. You turn around and see it's the baby who introducted themselves before you in the circle.

"Come over to the learning corner and we'll see if you're up to the task!"

[Go to the learning corner (puzzle 2) >](/puzzle02.html)

</details>

[< back to menu](/)