---
permalink: /puzzle04
number: "04"
title: Dump-loads of Data
layout: question
---

5 minutes have passed, and you've managed to climb your way up to the intern's chair and onto his computer. Surprisingly, he made the rookie mistake of leaving himself logged into his computer, surely if he had the official 'bit and blocks' anti hacker software installed on his computer, no one would be able to access his files right? Anyway, while browsing through the files on his desktop, you find a bunch of data from the latest office wide census that the interns have been asked to turn into infographics. Although there is a disclaimer that the data has been "anonymised", you seem to recognise some of the data anyway. See if you can figure out the original input for the CEO!

##### Hint! here is some information that you already know

The input of the census is as follows:
```
First Name | Last Name | Position | Favourit Colour | 
Pineapple on Pizza? | Cat or Dog | Birth Location
```
You remember what your mum put in the census, as she let you put whatever you wanted into it!
```
Jennifer | Truong | Front End Dev | Rainbow | Cat | No | the hospital
```
And you seem to be able to figure out some infomation about this intern from the items on his desk
```
Timmy | Little | Intern | maybe black or blue? | Dog | ??? | ???
```
[Here]({{ site.url }}/assets/06-31296.txt) is the file of data

----------
##### solution
<details>

### walkthrough

Looking at the data, its pretty easy to find the input that we put into the census, and some of Timmys data too, but everything seems a bit jumbled up. A pretty big hint is actually in the name of the file downloaded, named 06-31296.txt, which tells us a bit about how the data was jumbled up

If you take the information given to us for both Jennifer and Timmy, you can see that collums seem to still be in the same order, which could mean that the data has been shifted.

Coming back to our code 06-31296, you can see that the first column has been shifted 0, the second 6, third -3 etc..., which makes both Jennifers and Timmy's data line up correctly!

After fixing the shifts, we can figure out some info about the CEO!


### flag

```
Max | Malanos | CEO | Pink | Dog | No | Dubbo
```

</details>

----------
##### after solving:
<details>

Wow! now this data could be pretty useful! After jotting it down on paper, You hear the all too familiar giggling coming from the entrance and decided that might be all the time you have at this computer. Thanks Timmy!

[head to to Foyer (puzzle 5) >](/puzzle05.html)

</details>

[< back to spying on the interns (puzzle 3)](/puzzle03.html)

[< back to menu](/)