---
permalink: /puzzle05
number: "05"
title: My pair of socks, Triceratops.
layout: question
---

You find yourself in the main lobby of 'bits and blocks' building, and while using the turning door at least 3 (if not wayyy more) oscillations, you overhear some workers talking as they pass, 

“Apparently Max the CEO has such a bad memory that to remember the pin to access his elevator floor, he has hidden the code somewhere in the foyer here and decodes it every time her forgets” 

“Damn Really? I heard that that was our security guard Hugh who was the one who did that?!”

See if you can figure out what pin Max or High (or both) use to access their office?

[Here]({{ site.url }}/assets/foyer.png) is the image of the foyer

##### Hint: there are 2 flags in this puzzle!

----------
##### solution
<details>

### walkthrough 1

The first flag can be found in the artwork above the desk, There is a pretty small hint in the title of the puzzle "*tri* ceratops", showing that there is something to do with the number 3 (also that you did 3 oscillations, in a door usually with 3 compartments). Although they help, we don't really need these clues to solve the puzzle as the art work on the wall itself has enough in it. If we take the top as 0, middle as 1 and bottom as 2, we get the number: 12002011200, which translates to: 99999. Hmmmm what a very hard number to remember. You could also take the opposite, 02112011200, so if you got 49698, you would do one brute force attack to find the correct flag.

### flag 1

99999

### walkthrough 2

The second flag can be found through using some pretty simple steganography tools online! The way this works, is the carpet which is mainly white, has a few pixels that have a tiny bit of a different colour in them, so the steganography tools pick up this very slight change!

I like to think of this puzzle like the CEO or security guard got a slightly different wool woven into the carper, and only someone who was reallly looking for it, would notice!

### flag 2

39582

</details>

----------
##### after solving:
<details>

[Type in 99999 into the elevator (puzzle 6) >](/puzzle06.html)

[Type in 39582 into the elevator (puzzle 7) >](/puzzle07.html)

</details>

[< back to Timmys computer (puzzle 4)](/puzzle04.html)

[< back to menu](/)