---
permalink: /puzzle06
number: "06"
title: "Missing: tabatha and spacy, $500 reward"
layout: question
---

The elevator doors open onto what looks to be the floor occupied entirely by Max Malanos, the CEO of 'bits and blocks'. You immediateely see his secretary, but noncholontly say "Morning Michael!" in the most adult voice possible to try and pass as an every day worker and not a baby in hacker glasses. Although this has seemed to work in the past, Michael was having none of it. He picks you up start talking to you like you're are two year old!

"Oh hey babyyy, we gotta get you back in the play room right away!"

"Please stop it Michael, I'm three years old now and part of the extremely exclusive club "baby hackers"! if anything, I can help you more that you can help me!"

He thinks for a second and comes back to you. "Alright, if you claim to be a so called hacker now, I have a puzzle for you that might get you off the hook if you can solve it".

He continues to tell you that his two cats "Tabatha" and "Spacy" have gone missing, and after putting up a lost poster, he got an very strange email claming that they not only have found the cats, but are also asking for Michael to decrypt a message instead of the $500 reward?! You mention to Michael that if you decipt it, he will pretend that you were never here in the first place.

[Here]({{ site.url }}/assets/a_strange_email.txt) is the file within the email

----------
##### solution
<details>

### walkthrough

The biggest hint in this question, is the names of the cats "Spacy and Tabatha", which sound extremely close to spaces and tabs. Additionally, the strange email has a bunch of white space made up of spaces in tabs. Highlighting the text in a text editor makes it easieer to see which white spaces are spaces or tabs.

After this, we can see there is some type of code in the whitespace, and decrypting it using morse code will get you the flag

### flag

crn bay and white street

</details>

----------
##### after solving:
<details>

Despite the amount of time it took you to solve that problem, you give a smug "Ahh, trivial" back to Michael, and 

[Enter Max's Office (puzzle 7) >](/puzzle07.html)

</details>

[< back to the foyer (puzzle 5)](/puzzle05.html)

[< back to menu](/)