---
permalink: /puzzle07
number: "07"
title: Excellent work Coco!
layout: question
---

"Alright Coco, you may shown a sligh incline for theoretocal thinking and advanced problem solving, but it also could have be a fluke and your name actually be FrFr! Here is one last puzzle to see if you're worthy of joining our club, we are pretty small right now (4 babies total!), so we might need your help!"

She lays out a bunch of blocks on the ground which seem to be gibberish (or maybe you just havent learnt this word at daycare yet!). She later mentions that if you remember her name, it's a hint to solve the puzzle.

[Here]({{ site.url }}/assets/master_plan.txt) is the file of data

----------
##### solution
<details>

### walkthrough

from a breif read of the puzzle, its pretty clear that the question is a type of cypher, and that the word JANE has something to do with it. There is another hint in the question where the code is placed out in blocks, which could suggest a type of simple block cypher (where the code is seperated into blocks of a certain size and encrypted seperately).

There are two clues to what the block length might be, we have mentioned the number 4 in the question, which is also the same length as the name Jane. 

After this, our cypher can be seperated to look like this;

lWce eotm hoet bbya chka se!r

The next step is a bit harder, but could be done without this knowledge, since it doesnt take too much work to shuffle around the letters in their block to create a sentence. The first hint is that the ! is probably at the end, and the capital 'W' is probably at the start. The second hint is the word JANE again, where if we look at order of the letters in alphabetical order it follows the pattern 3142, which is the same as the cypher.

### flag

Welc omet othe baby hack ers!

Welcometothebabyhackers!

</details>

----------
##### after solving:
<details>

"Welcome to the baby hackers! you are now officially a baby hacker. Although we usually spend our time writing blog posts about cyber security (as every hacker should!) our current mission is to overthrow 'bits and blocks' by doing an insier attack on their HQ. Up for the task?"

Intrigued, you talk to them more about the mission and agree its necessary for the greater good for the company. Time to go exploring and see what you can find!

[Start exploring the HQ as an insider (puzzle 3) >](/puzzle03.html)

</details>

[< back to the foyer (puzzle 5)](/puzzle05.html)

[< back to menu](/)