---
permalink: /puzzle08
number: "08"
title: "Super Prime [Work in progress]"
layout: question
---

While talking to one of the Red team members, they mention that they seem to have discovered a number so perfect that they have picked it instead of a prime number to roll up their own RSA Key so they can rely on the laws of mathematics to keep their information safe!

The best part about this number is that even if its never written down anywhere, he can always re-calculate it with a simple rule undisclosed to anyone (surely it wouldn’t matter to teach it to an eager baby such as yourself). The rule is that the number made up from the first x digits of the key, is divisible by x, so 1, 12, 123 would all work, but since 1234 isnt divisible by 4, it isnt valid. Additionally, this key uses exactly one of each digit from 0-9!

----------
##### solution
<details>

### walkthrough

This is more of a coding challenge rather than a CTF, but its pretty interesting either way. Its a great exercise to practice coding skills to try and find the number that fits this criteria! After writing a small script you could get the answer pretty quick! This puzzle is also very possible to do by hand with a calculator

### flag

3816547290

</details>

----------
##### after solving:
<details>

"Welcome to the baby hackers! you are now officially a baby hacker. Although we usually spend our time writing blog posts about cyber security (as every hacker should!) our current mission is to overthrow 'bits and blocks' by doing an insier attack on their HQ. Up for the task?"

Intrigued, you talk to them more about the mission and agree its necessary for the greater good for the company. Time to go exploring and see what you can find!

[Start exploring the HQ as an insider (puzzle 3) >](/puzzle03.html)

</details>

[< back to the play area (puzzle 1)](/puzzle01.html)

[< back to menu](/)